Document preferred way to use skills in README (#74)
qdrant/skills: README.md

answer lives. No tutorials, no concept explanations. Only references and
minimal snippets where absolutely necessary.

## Disclaimer

These skills are under active development. Skill content and structure may change between versions as Qdrant evolves.

## Usage

Skills are hosted at [skills.qdrant.tech](https://skills.qdrant.tech). Pass the URL of a skill directly to your agent — no installation required:

```
Use skills.qdrant.tech
```

This keeps your agent's context focused: it fetches only the skill relevant to your current problem rather than loading everything upfront.

> If you prefer skills to be available offline or without passing URLs manually, you can install them locally. Refer to [Installation](#installation) below.

Author: ```suggestion
If you prefer skills to be available offline or without passing URLs manually, you can install them locally. Refer to the [Installation](#installation) section.
```
